that i no longer have to deal with 
But it seems to me that i didnt 
In the car My thoughts are shuffled I 
another year ticks on and I make it 
me your balls!"- Josh.....but then again, hasnt everyone 
 so  bored today, that I actually 
it's Saturday, unforetunatly theres only, 1 and 1/2 
am sort of still recovering from last night. 
the greatest day known to man.  --B 
found out today that they are now resending 
I will write more frequently than I have 
guys...if you missed the game WHICH I HOPE 
a sacrament   The Catholic Church is 
work for a gay magazine in Los Angeles. 
urlLink    Flat tire- not Fat 
there waiting for me with loves lost thorn 
been, you ask?  busy, busy, busy!  
for breakfast but have yet to have the 
to self:   Stop reading pretentious hipster 
night with the family. Trevor's paperwork from the 
Diego on Sunday and will be there for 
2nd Avenue btwn Starbucks and Burittoville. You've got 
found someone who loves shopping more than me. 
OF THE YEAR   This is the 
I don't enjoy entries like these because they 
hope you like the web site. I'm sure 
to thank Val for this poem.  -- 
Me        
once was here has died   RIP 
after one whole week of absence, i'm finally 
kid brother... except not the brother part." "Ewww 
making fun of contact lens training, *hangs head 
Ok, so I stole it from   
"getting something off your chest" can do. I 
put a new e-mail system on thie site 
on writing called  The Passionate, Accurate Story 
I can never remember to get my blogs 
don't know how well known it really is, 
official day of summer! A new beginning, a 
things are going well. Day two went well 
Net: Features: It's A Snap! :  "Nikhil 
There are no absolutes for something so relative 
Date: Friday, May 14, 2004  Time: 11:00 
urlLink February 14, 2003 post  Ray Matthews 
  So I got up.  I 
only eighteen She had some trouble with herself 
new fugly mouse at work continues...  Ok 
original visions of the web was to have 
never play basketball 3. I have a fear 
have long bemoaned the fact that churches (and 
poor honeybox a little rest and relaxation from 
post modern It's after the war with all 
 I did a lot of homework after 
so i dont miss a quote) good movie. 
day..my webpage is halfway done & there's more 
whole damn site with FrontPage. Yes, I know 
 urlLink Launchast Radio Station.  It is 
Hey you guys!!!!!! I'm really sorry that I 
As much of u no this is the 
we recognize the ultimate sacrifice that our Sons 
knitting, I decided I needed a spot where 
raked the yard a bit we filled up 
 چند وقتی بود که من حالم خوب 
Aw nuts, I forgot to set the OOO 
I have been absent recently. I went to 
two-series books by  Helen Fielding . It 
Most of Startpage Traffic   Although startpage 
11.17am   Iggbalbollywall  ( this is 
My sites went dead yesterday after nearly 4 
So much has happened in 5 days that 
just read my first blog and realized that 
seeing the same people, same four walls of 
just not the same as the ones from 
managed to get a gmail account from some 
everybody.  It's almost 9 here on Sunday 
impossible. Not just becuase most IB kids are 
Arafat is a joke. A once proud freedom 
Today in Manhattan the sun and sets  
I thought to myself, "Mmmmm...I could really go 
thought I gave up on this, huh? So 
was skimming through channels last night waiting for 
sa mga adbentyurs ni Hermes at Jackie. Ang 
To see if there are any more comments.. 
have a job cant pay for it. Keep 
mine commented that people often misuse the terms 
be back Tuesday-ish, since in true UU style, 
TO THE GORGE (and all trips thereafter)!!!  
back from 1st Kendo practice. I got there 
is a rivalry? In my mind, it's two 
Music:  Bush - Old  Dinner with 
pamper myself a wee bit after having a 
I guess. It wasn't as bad as I 
TMBG in Prospect Park in Brooklyn for free 
Monday December 1, 2003  What's HOT  
you from your beds, because it is almost 
bed late (again) got sucked into (another) late 
 at the moment, we are looking at 
here we go. The first actual thing on 
Swap   So to those of you 
not possible!!!   If your sarcasm meter 
snooziness-  The greatest word ever in the 
COLD!!!! what the hell is going on?? *Shakes 
 for all the old goodies and all 
faster than the speed of thought!   
The Microsoft-branded devices will "look and feel" as 
module is now updated as Nmap::Parser for the 
my last post.  Earlier today, I went 
This is a test to see if it 
What a weekend.  I didn't get in 
ng paa ko. bakit masakit yung paa ko? 
seals were  made  for clubbing!  
due to the horrible wireless (802.11a) connection I 
Argh...12.36!!!!  There was PE lesson today! Argh...got 
client-side, JavaScript based, hit counter. The spec. that 
welcome to my blog thingy...anyways juss blog away 
the Mona Lisa. Painted by Leonardo DaVinci of 
I write that title with trepidation because one 
not my blog, it's from yahoo.com  >As 
times last night. our group attended karaoke. I 
my busiest day for the month of august. 
 Stupid people annoy me. Sometimes I need 
out the problem that was troubling me. Alls 
mini cooper...definitely not my kinda car since i'm 
me, tomario.&nbsp; just got back from michigan today 
this site is currently under construction, whilst we 
the weirdest dreams last night.  I was 
Blogs Paradox    urlLink HindustanTimes.com  
people believe that sleeping is a waste time. 
 Every Halloween week, since I could remember, 
the forum, and now i need the audience. 
To begin. Tonight began as a night like 
urlLink     Can You Keep 
peoples blogs today, when i looked at Kawins, 
I've just six hours of my Saturday night 
everything but the last link is an mp3 
brilliant commemoration.  as i've been saying over 
 Alex 'Knight of the Realm' Ferguson and 
= SWASS!  All the time I've spent 
