If any one wants to know here some basic 
can't make school only occur on the weekends.  
movie marathon session with my friends last Saturday, after 
long 2 days...  Christy somehow convinced me that 
through the crumbling earth hoping the deeper i dug 
worked today.  It wasn't too bad.  In 
   It's payday, YEA!!!!. Happy Happy Joy 
In two more days I will have been blogging 
blah blah blah yah i know, they're just a 
Enterprise Suite  SumTotal are probably the main competitor 
of hot water, watching the water fill up.&nbsp; Feeling 
am back to work today and busy cleaning up 
08/02/04:   I took the five seconds of 
last night and I had a pretty good time, 
this week.  If I have Sidekick service I'll 
pretty serious amount of pain, so I hope that 
Nat.  Ma collègue de travail a dû se 
soldiers take their stand last Sunday was both horrific, 
Jumping from the chair she sat in; Time, you 
   &nbsp;   i've seen napoleon 
 Some bloggers are just plain mean. Witness this 
addict to the core.   Today is Day 
i felt like ass. i feel drained and sick 
this world is another planet's hell. -Aldous Huxley  
is on for today.  Going with Rob, Tom 
first blog.  I wonder what I'll use this 
Christmas. I had a thrilling babysitting job on the 
saw the movie 'The Postman' on TV today. I 
sell red, pink, and blue All Stars at a 
has this to say about another even famous guy. 
you ever in a situation that the harder you 
back, because yanno, i dont have friends so ill 
COOL!!  I personally thought the Concert Companion was 
bought an aphex twin cd today: come to daddy 
finished my  urlLink concept map  on Instructional 
been. I think I quite possibly could be the 
be home.. after a day at work.. my supervisor 
love me... I have you here by my side... 
going to put off the promised post AGAIN until 
The beautiful city, the city of hurried and sparkling 
A New Legacy , Segment I:  The Newbie 
feel like I've been hit by a bus. The 
&nbsp;>>> a letter sent to me by Melissa in 
did not disguise my residence in order to throw 
of Jesus!  Romans 7 15 I do not 
Yeah, yeah, what about the diet? I weighed in 
travel backwards and forwards between Aberystwyth and my home 
my main venting place,  urlLink DeviantART.com , due 
bee things. Took this on that same trip to 
now at the Pocono's.  hoooorrrraaayyyy!!!  Had a 
to the gym a little late this morning, so 
of days off from work are about to end 
was the best Thanksgiving ever! Great food, family, dirt 
let me know if you get this so i 
I am now back at Canada! This summer is 
how fun. well here goes... i  still really 
- Astronomy Western Australia   Went with my 
WOULD LIFE BE LIKE WITH OUT SPORTS??  I 
biggest difference between maracas and babies is DON'T SHAKE 
I want to break your heart  And give 
Was poking around  urlLink Commission Junction  this 
censured in Congress today for calling the Florida 2000 
forget this...  The 11th Commandment that never made 
born on June 6, 1980 at St. Agnes Hospital 
Today, I wore a suit to school, and I 
m training for a July 19 Triathlon.  It 
I was over at my friends house and people 
got up and going this morning.  It's still 
I'm on my way to work. I'm lying in 
things are true: Go see for urself... hehehehe  
The traffic this morning was really heavy, presumably because 
thank You and take away all fears that I 
when the class started. It's a false alarm, somebody 
move, guess i just feel more comfortable here talking, 
Wrap-Up   My research is complete and the 
around me. people, as distinct entities, and the way 
right now & I'm supposed to be writing a 
to be a crappy day. I went to go 
GIANT treat, and here it is! I'm kicking off 
sense, but it's good to be told/reminded stuff. there 
Alacrity: The Dunbar Number as a Limit to Group 
Day before yesterday.. Its progressing.. Its in pre design.. 
you to come in my life,  to save 
out the calculator  So I just read down 
at 3:30pm and headed for SAFRA Country Club for 
to editing the video that so many people had 
originally posted on 8 August 2003 .  This 
long ass day. So i woke up at 11 
  Employees' pension scheme has a gap of 
I think I got the opposite reaction the author 
show on discovery about the Komodo dragon, and they 
the little things that make life bearable.  Going 
 BCNM40 runs have finally ended with a very 
I just wanted to give a shout out to 
that I am officially on vacation.  What's that, 
a total consortium of incriminating evidence against this administration. 
is just making up the numbers at the moment. 
i got 1 character for ninjaturdles! yea! so yeah 
  urlLink       
had a good weekend.  We have.  Saturday 
is this?:  urlLink     It 
ONE OF YOUR SCARS OUT, NOW HOW DID YOU 
 I discovered yesterday that I have the power!! 
a lot has changed.  I'm tired.  I'm 
a bet going on, this is to stop boredom 
I AM LEARNING    Yesterday I fiddled 
but nothing seems to work...     
usually spot a fellow music nerd with little evidence. 
I am in Warner Robins, a town known for 
right. so title is so correct.    
Blogs....   A strange phenomenon which has proved 
I know we thought this would last forever. But 
parents are running around being all pissed off at 
  1. Donna riyuu mo ame ga keshite 
Dear Susan,     You are a 
I'm blogging from my cousin's house in JB right 
back to normal.    Just like what 
getting other people's approval, it depends on getting your 
quite a while since I've written in this, I'm 
around the city looking for houses for sale. There 
um...nothing much is happenin around here. We went to 
the University of Denver thing is now on its 
Spanish for "The Moustache," and Da Boyz are:  
another compliment on a dress that's both comfortable & 
When I was walking to the co-op to do 
urlLink    Captured at Bashang,Hebei Province,China&nbsp; urlLink 
