work you miss when you are sick 
As you know this is my last 
available by that link, or at the 
party in my house!  Friend from 
me and my mom cleaned  and 
amazing how oblivious you can be to 
 all i do is play online 
actually getting finished and I think I 
only have 33 hours left of my 
the rhymes with which I have done 
Youth Night!     So, 
had her first art class today! It's 
hahaha. I finally got a more professional-looking 
have no idea what to put here 
more attractive than you know". Oh really?! 
Yahoo! News - Iraqis Have Doubts Over 
of living a lie. It was great 
top governing body on the weekend elected 
the issue of File sharing, I am 
creepers...    bad:  watching 
boring day. I mean, I was up 
cab ride in front of  urlLink 
 We're 8 years apart with 2 
day today.  i actually dont remember 
with an idea for an art exhibit 
I'm Catholic, but have been studying Protestantism 
 Be nice to your Family! Especially 
time..   i have been busy 
slightly confused at times by Icelandic-English, but 
is going to probably be the only 
quite in Quebec City yet, but its 
to find the perfect shower curtain I 
new release by hip hop powerhouse The 
work....After DMB....Same ole same ole. Said goodbye 
When people ask me where they can 
My Dear Excellent Will, I urge you 
listener of the radio show I host, 
heads will get fatter as we inflate 
buddies! I'm the happy Haiku Bot that 
1/03 DrKioni.com Awarded ByRegion.net Healers Best of 
Elul.  The day to start thinking 
dust....... one more day down the drain. 
collecting on television coverage of the 1980 
is my second post.  Will resolve 
IS BAD NEWS FOR THOMASU   
a wonderful time in Houston at Christmas! 
the old BOA, but slightly more confusing. 
I don't notice I have a sunburn? 
I have a headache. I have a 
Fridays are funny. At some point, unbeknownst 
so fast paced, that there's nothing else 
was using a Qiagen gel extraction kit. 
 Most of you who are visiting 
Olympics Blog.I will be going to Athens, 
him. He reportedly told a group of 
alright.. it's like 2 and i have 
my 3 day vacation and I'm nearly 
of happiness not always seen or felt 
over thursday/friday to speak at a conference 
last wed, the same night i saw 
    New York Times 
would post to Blogger everyday now, and, 
last day and the shortest. We had 
few days. I haven't had much to 
Please don't post anything here yet. I'm 
a Devin Grayson script (available online  
Mandarin (I work there), I saw this 
tess Single or taken? single Sex? Female 
    So Stephanie and 
to keep the swearing on this to 
Song of the day:  Holding Me 
to the SIFF History Site   
is going to relaunch the Invaders  
is now posted. nudity ... nudity ... 
Nice*  There was a little girl, 
nothing today but watch TV and movies. 
 Can there be a better way 
of Global Nation One (GN1) is implied 
to say about another even famous guy. 
by my favorite random Blog subject generator 
for 24 hours, I am glad I 
be a half day.  Took the 
the digital music market (refined and defined 
another note - its my birthday! (23yrs) 
apparently, they decided not to staff the 
yesterday was a drag.  i went 
Ok-   Its been 7 months 
Yeah, the eighth graders come up to 
I watched the new Ozzy Osbourne show--cuz 
the mirror first thing in the morning, 
official..i am GOING TO THE GORGE (and 
keep this blog running for a bit 
see the field so thati missed it. 
than the last...  A few days 
DEAD Known Criminal:   Attacks without 
my life, when I will be called 
to study the book of Isaiah this 
testing Blogger's  new  Dano stuff. 
Just as i'm writing this stuff, trying 
know, the northeast is without power. Ohio 
having a great time learning about this 
Alicita and I setting off for our 
So, it looks like I'll be living 
anyone catch the license plate on that 
any other day since Jesse first left, 
anything from people. They always dissapoint. Especially, 
this is it, my first entry in 
the netscape api for LDAP; the LDAPSearchResults 
last few days of my journal. Spent 
  I think I got enough 
