blog.  This should be my last.  (should being 
dim-and-distant, we all lived together.  There were no more 
than post lyrics to my regular blog, where untold numbers 
like I did a lot this past weekend... and here's 
guy berger  • 2002-04-05 10:56    urlLink 
on my cell phone this morning at about 9-930 from 
... I guess somebody's reading my blog! Betcha didn't know 
most folks I know, I read articles in papers from 
stupid.  went bowling last nite, that was tons of 
 urlLink my guestbook .  I'm not using it 
Today is the anniversary of one of the most important 
an outline explaining the details of my senior project will 
can leave messages to each other and have fun sharing 
reading The Purpose Driven Life by Rick Warren, and I'd 
the  urlLink  website.  It's basically a whole 
for now........ Saw the website on some IT paper........thought it 
on thurs....everything seems ok......just that my results are not 'correct'! 
25, 2004 07:06 AM  Subject: RE: hello  Body: 
Ayarrk!! I'm sleepy! Need rest. I haven't had any sleep 
    Tomorrow is my last final - 
town of Furukawa, the blind masseur and master blade-slinger Zatoichi 
Why is the  urlLink District Line  called the 
--Rochester, NY---  * The President, and the left in 
urlLink    Cafe La Florida at Place du 
I had it my way I wouldn't have any of 
right beside the dorms hanging out with my anatomy professor 
NEXT GOAL  142 by the end of week 4 
in Bulgaria went down for 4 hours this morning. THAT 
 programs have an interesting twist on more conventional forms 
come about? One day it's nonexistent and the other everyone's 
Weekend! Yes!!! Today has been good so far. My step-grandparents 
found          
heard today that that accursed "president" of ours' tax cut 
to say about today, and whatever else has happened since 
Just incase people don't know what a metrosexual is! ... 
next stage of life... So strange... Imna miss him so 
get my butt in gear and start using this webpage! 
the corporate sponsors who had erected kiosks around the major 
weather today was so.... FALL... and fall makes me think 
  LUXEMBOURG CITY    Accomodations:   
be disscussed  1. this infernal camp is ruining everyones 
the plunge. I am a grown-up and figured it was 
want to start blogging again since i remember how amusing 
a cigarette ember this morning.  It still hurts.  
the fact that whenever I open up my access log, 
Madden  Score:  1-6; 0-6    Note 
uploading some content to my personal site....  urlLink www.mrtufty.co.uk 
for  urlLink seven fateful search terms . Result 3: 
posting lately. My wonderful Dell laptop finally shit. Well, not 
is making his return to Pittsburgh Radio - great. Now 
sat in the living room in front of the television. 
Can you name these totally awesome chicks from the 1980's? 
is still at the dealership, waiting for a new rim. 
with the start of school. I'll write a bit more 
done.   Trust me.  Paint, paper, clean, whatever...but 
day of firsts, and a day of "as usuals" .... 
infamous beginner's project. Whenever I teach someone to knit I 
on the direction of my life and my choice of 
wasn't to boring or confusing for you if it was 
like I'm the only who has moved on....  Spending 
of loveJust for two, though u never knew you were 
it, is apparently a Mesoamerican sculpture of a rabbit...  
turn to take part in a massive island wide blackout. 
“Play Count” feature are homies.  Being a recent convert 
2003  So...Andrew did something like this and it was 
urlLink     Harry Potter and the Half 
La Gioconda, or, the Mona Lisa. Painted by Leonardo DaVinci 
live in THE nut house. As in, THE nut house. 
first blog post for experimental purposes. welcome to my updated 
wonders nv cease...my brain hates it's physically form so much 
choices. if u think u have good song place a 
finally off the phone after like nearly 10 phone calls 
new home! No more changes for me for a long 
- 3 Cups of Miller Light - 2 Citron and 
Brittney. I don't know what her real name is. Maybe 
take off my pants when its dark, regardless of if 
Bonne anniversaire à toi  Bonne anniversaire à toi  
Engadget , the story that was originally quoted for my 
Reality TV, knitting, a lengthy diatribe about work. What a 
the drive back from North Carolina which was much much 
what the hell is going on?? *Shakes head in disgrace* 
another dollar. I didn't get to do much last night, 
My second Malory Towers quiz is now online . I 
now.  it's raining outside, i'm drinking hot tea, listening 
done. I put my two weeks notice of resignation in 
kid and you used to read cheap newsagent comics? (As 
k..so today i woke up quite late..arnd 6.40.."studied" till quite 
can't help you unless you help yourself.  It echoed 
I have done such a good job for so long 
this with a basic gesture that is most often grossly 
weekend, met a few friends for some soccer on the 
forget to apply Vaseline ON YOUR LIPS before you sleep. 
His Colorado Avalanche had a chance to win the Western 
running into some problems with XML Serialization in VB.Net.  
urlLink The Sun News | 03/13/2003 | Tricks Prevail in 
South Africa will not see the type of bandwidth that 
a good thing Has really burnt me out I'm sick 
prolly the longest makeout session ive ever had.... 4 hours 
7:45 in the morning, Another sleepless nite, Another empty day. 
a long time to publish my blog.It,rather is a long 
Sleepy Listening to: NPR News  Had my Fulbright interview 
orrico   hey peeps. jia , i think mardi 
weekend there was a grand opening for this new theatre 
okay so this was my dream the night before last 
I am going to make an effort to be brutally 
cat on my desk. It's a small ceramic/plaster one, with 
currently listening to:  train -  she's on fire 
to put off the promised post AGAIN until tomorrow. But 
