of him wanted only to flee, but he 
not raised a cry. Jon took 
was not even looking at him. She was 
middle of it, shouting commands with the best of them. 
back. "And you, Stark. Take care of 
get all messed up anyway," she said. 
the arm with the flat of her 
her. "King’s Landing is a true 
Alyn shook him roughly from his dreams 
The king grinned. "She must have 
too hard on yourself, Ned. You always were. 
Robert grumbled, pulling his cloak more tightly around 
"Unspeakable?" the king roared. "What Aerys did to your 
Robert kicked his horse back into motion 
fight that battle when the enemy appears 
Lannister?" 
Sworn Brother of the Kingsguard, his life and fortune 
the throne you sit on, 
"The Others take your honor!" 
I rode the length of the hall in silence, between 
could not always be where he belonged, though. 
seethed with impatience. "I piss on Dothraki omens. The Usurper 
Ser Jorah, who had traveled as 
back to her then, with 
only word you know?" she asked him. 
did not reply. His long 
him. 
down onto his lap. Dany was flushed and breathless, 
hand and moved it down 
Stark boy is nothing to me," Joffrey 
Joffrey exclaimed. 
said. He gave Sandor Clegane a perfunctory nod 
meal had been laid out in the morning room 
"Do you have news of Bran, 
Tommen said timorously. He was 
one," Tyrion told her. "The fall shattered his legs 
need to hear this filth. Tommen, Myrcella, 
suggestion to Lord Eddard, sweet 
with a shrug that accentuated the twist 
"You are a perverse little imp, aren’t you?" 
him," Ned said as he turned back to her. 
He is a king now, and kings 

"And in yours?" 
blazed, angry now. Why couldn’t he 
collar of his order; a heavy 
The maester placed the paper on the 
broke the seal. 
Lannisters," she told him. "The queen." 
you," Ned muttered darkly. He turned 
fell, until Catelyn found her 
when my father sent me to foster at 
right; Catelyn knew it. It did not make the 
"What of Jon Snow, my lord?" 
Starks were not like other men. Ned 
mute appeal in her husband’s eyes. "They 
join the Night’s Watch?" 
nothing. Let Ned work it out 
maester asked. 
own work again, looking for some way to salvage 
fabric. "Arya, Arya, Arya," she said. "This will not 
stopped at the door and turned back, 
a curious look. "Shouldn’t you be working 
"Why aren’t you down in the 
see Prince Joffrey?" Jon asked. 
shout from the courtyard below. 
tugged thoughtfully at his white whiskers. 
Robb shot back. "You’ll be 
said. "I killed a man at twelve. You 
Robb bristle. His pride was wounded. He turned on 
through the yard. Arya covered her mouth in shock. 
at dawn. The king wanted wild boar at the 
Jon and the girls and Rickon. 
good. He had gone to the stable first, and 
Bran looked back down. His 
Bran hung, listening, suddenly afraid to go on. They might 
brothers. Not that I blame him. 
you," the man said. He 
Bran was suddenly very frightened. He wanted 
"All this talk is getting very tiresome, 
noise. Suddenly her eyes opened, and 
The man looked over at the woman. 
backward out the window into empty air. 
